Doc updates (#184)
alan-turing-institute/clim-recal: README.md

- Was developed in partnership with the MetOffice to ensure the propriety, quality, and usability of our work
- Provides a framework for open additions of new software libraries/bias correction methods (in planning)

# Overview: Data-processing Pipeline

Regional climate models (RCMs) contain systematic errors, or biases in their output [^1]. Biases arise in RCMs for a number of reasons, such as the assumptions in the general circulation models (GCMs), and in the downscaling process from GCM to RCM.

Researchers, policy-makers and other stakeholders wishing to use publicly available RCMs need to consider a range of "bias correction” methods (sometimes referred to as "bias adjustment" or "recalibration").
Bias correction methods offer a means of adjusting the outputs of RCM in a manner that might better reflect future climate change signals whilst preserving the natural and internal variability of climate [^2].

However, in order to apply and assess these methods, the climate model of interest needs to be overlaid to corresponding observation data. This can be a time-consuming and laborious process where data is spatially and temporally very granular.

> The `clim-recal` pipeline addresses this by providing preprocessed data, including the innovative [UKCP18-CPM datasets](# The Datasets), to facilitate the assessment of these methods on aligned, reprojected data, without requiring the whole (very large) dataset.

Reviewer: I think the link to the datasets section might need to be specified as:
```suggestion
The `clim-recal` pipeline addresses this by providing preprocessed data, including the innovative [UKCP18-CPM datasets](#the-datasets), to facilitate the assessment of these methods on aligned, reprojected data, without requiring the whole (very large) dataset.
```

`clim-recal` is a data-processing pipeline, with the following steps:

1. **Set-up & data download**
    *We provide custom scripts to facilitate download of data*
2. **Preprocessing**
    *This includes reprojecting, resampling & splitting the data prior to bias correction*

> For a quick start on bias correction, refer to our [pipeline guide](python/README.md).

Reviewer: Perhaps this could refer to installing and running the pipeline:
```suggestion
For a quick start on installing and running the pipeline, refer to our [pipeline guide](python/README.md).
```

The UKCP18-CPM is comprised of 12 ensemble members (or runs). In addition to run 1, we selected the runs which represented the mean, 2nd highest and 2nd lowest daily tasmax values across the whole sequence (runs 5, 6, 7 & 8) to provide users with enough uncertainty in their estimates to appropriately assess bias correction methods.

## HADS
[HadUK-Grid](https://www.metoffice.gov.uk/research/climate/maps-and-data/data/haduk-grid/haduk-grid) is a comprehensive collection of climate data for the UK, compiled from various land surface observations across the country. This data is organized into a uniform grid to ensure consistent coverage throughout the UK at up to 1km x 1km resolution. The dataset, spanning from 1836 to the present, includes a variety of climate variables such as air temperature, precipitation, sunshine, and wind speed, available on daily, monthly, seasonal, and annual timescales.

# Contributing

If you have suggestions on the repository, please:
- raise an [issue](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/clim-recal/issues)
- [get in touch](mailto:clim-recal@turing.ac.uk)

> - see our [contributing](docs/contributing.md) section, which includes details on contriubting to the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- see our [contributing](docs/contributing.md) section, which includes details on contributing to the documentation.
```
